Modules:


NLTK
The Natural Language Toolkit, or more commonly NLTK, is a suite of libraries and programs for symbolic and statistical natural language processing (NLP) for English written in the Python programming language.
 
Tkinter
Tkinter is Python's de-facto standard GUI (Graphical User Interface) package. Tkinter is not the only GUI Programming toolkit for Python. It is however the most commonly used one.

re (for regular expressions)
This module provides regular expression matching operations. A regular expression (or RE) specifies a set of strings that matches it; the functions in this module let you check if a particular string matches a given regular expression (or if a given regular expression matches a particular string, which comes down to the same thing).


Sub-Modules:

nltk.tokenize
It is a module of packages containing different kinds of tokenizations.

nltk.stem.porter
It is package containing porter stemmer.

StringVar
This sub-module is used to create a Tkinter String variable.

IntVar
This sub-module is used to create a Tkinter Integer variable.


Functions:

tok
Takes string as an input and returns a boolean.
Checks if a string is a token i.e., it returns False if string is equal to AND|OR|NOT and True otherwise.

noting
Takes list as an argument and returns a list.
Takes the list as an argument and returns a list that is complement of the given list.

anding
Takes two lists as arguments and returns a list.
Takes two lists l and r (say) and returns the intersection of both the lists.

oring
Takes two lists as arguments and returns a list.
Takes two lists l and r (say) and returns the union of both the lists.

__init__
Takes the GUI window-frame as an argument and returns nothing.
Creates a window-frame which terminates on click on cross button and has entry box, text box, button, and radio button embedded in it

on_button
Takes the GUI window-frame as an argument and returns nothing.
Its an event handler for "Search" button, gets triggered whenever a click on Search button is made, it executes the query depending on the Radio Button selected



Class:

SampleApp
Takes the Tkinter object as an argument and returns nothing.
It is an abstraction of the methods __init__ and on_button and other GUI elements.


Data-Structures:

Dictionary
Inbuilt data structure in python, 2 dictionary data structures are used in the code, both are used as HashMaps

Lists
List is another basic data-structure in python which can be used both like a linked list and like an array.
Lists are used at many places in the code.

Hashmap
Hashdictionary and dictionary are 2 variables used in the code, both are used as hashmaps.
Hashdictionary is used to keep track of unique words and dictionary is used to keep track of lemmatized and tokenized words in the corpus.